how was it that
I really can't explain how I feel in
those situations you know to come out
and get off to such a great start and
then let's have it all negated by its
heart open we use this we know you it's
better decisions that could have been
made and Logan you can't always hit a
home run you know sometimes you got to
get singles and doubles and not that's
right I'd learn I understand just force
too many ball sometime how did you feel
this week
I'm going into the fourth quarter feel
confident and obviously I'm saying to
myself here we go again and that will
know how some pan out or what the
outcome is gonna be you know you just
you look great they look at your
teammates looking to coaches the people
who depend on you we all just got home
in the crowd you know you just want to
get it done man to send that out and
sort of you need some window you know
that's what that's what that's what
they're all boil down to have nine
turnovers and two games and still be to
another's mainly just time with this
team can't be what just goes to so I go
we can be you know it definitely shows
how that I defense it because you know
they're stopping the defense and put the
ball back inside and so the beacon
school points and I think at some point
will will cut down on sonos what kind of
back and you're still early we just got
to get it sold and it's staying in sync
with you know what we don't all facing
you know I think it all starts with me
though doesn't happy more stress to the
situation when throw the incomplete pass
the rest call it fumble yeah it's extra
stress when you got to sit there and
wait because you the one thing you don't
want to do you you don't want to put the
game into the fish tank you want
everything to be clean so you can just
come out and play and you know
everything take care of itself you know
I tried to make a good decision
I just or bowling ball pass run first
got what is that through what we just
want to be nervous you know Coach they
will throw the ball downfield but you
know we have a great writer back in
Tucson McCoy he does such a great job
making guys missing and get yawns and I
office about a dozen crates out of do a
great job as well so get those guys a
lot of credit we played extremely
something it's a tough 3 forefront we
got it done do you feel like it helped
you have sent a lot of Texas a cellar
convincing McLain's there well you know
ranking the open at the middle of the
way to explain you know we just did a
good job and Rena browsing you know
seeing that seeing everything that was
happening down field everybody was all
in one Accord who said to make the plays
we need to make me like it is it a
marathon because you know how you how
you manage that have to take me back to
that track put your mom tough I can't
remember what happened right now okay
yeah question is like this thing I was
fun most ready to go no huddle you know
just push the pace and you need
everybody seeing how I think sometimes
they couldn't begin lined up and you
know nobody I'm stickers do before is
something that we we added in to you now
also
I don't know how much we're going to use
it unites us up to the coaches but you
pay dividends for something like this is
it more emerging that is it encouraging
for encouraging that you came back to
New York Emerson first two weeks the
wedding's games or is it discouraging
because you know there's another level
there or it seemed like there if you
guys can just cut down on those mistakes
as kind of a catch-22 situation I mean
we know how go we can be you know we see
the progress and we see what we do down
at the down and then it's on negated you
know by penalties or title and so you
know sky's the limit i'm home waitin
let's have a game where it's all clean
you know and I know sometimes that's
very rare in his league but it can be
done and it's actually your question the
2-minute definitely kitchen into a
rhythm you know this gives them
something to see the field and you know
just kind of negates what the defense
can go at certain moments if you thought
about how are you guys I'll yards
just thinking about it you know makes me
sick to my stomach you know as far as I
many times we've turned the ball over
into games and you know we've got to do
a better job holding onto the football I
gotta do a better job my decision making
and you know everything work itself out
and I believe it i believe in my guys
outside i believe it the guys in front
of me in a state of before I said again
and that's what I truly believe what you
think it's ella currently had every
sucks the man he definitely played a
game
he not use in the moment you just gotta
be at your best and I just got a bit by
any means necessary mentality and just
got one more more and the closer you get
to the end zone you know the hunger you
get and it's amazing you know how much
we send you our difference if you can
make when you know you just first down
our first out of the first down and next
thing you know it's on the small yards
away and they look like it's so close
you know it's just you cursing and then
take all the guys feeling like I said
that two of you often why would that
you know it says like a lot for the guys
coming off of the sideline you know it
goes so that they could done a great job
doing a week of studying paying
attention and I understand it kind of
said that you know at any given moment
you can be out on the field and a step
date Dallas that into the braids are
veiled updated the grades out I have to
go back and look at the film and
obviously it's gonna be things that are
correct but those guys they they did
tremendous died about their for state
Michael along that lines and he said he
told Darryl Tapp and Colin Jenkins had a
few all loss in other offensive lineman
one of them was going in which one would
you prefer steak cut it out then you got
the size and size dog okay thanks guys
thank you